bq76920, bq76930, bq76940
SLUSBK2F – OCTOBER 2013 – REVISED NOVEMBER 2015                                                                          www.ti.com



7.3     Feature Description

7.3.1       Subsystems
        bq769x0 consists of three major subsystems: Measurement, Protection, and Control. These work together
        to ensure that the fundamental battery pack parameters—voltage, current and temperature—are
        accurately captured and easily available to a host controller, while ensuring a baseline or secondary level
        of hardware protection in the event that a host controller is unable or unavailable to manage certain fault
        conditions.

                                                               NOTE
                      The bq769x0 is intended to serve as an analog front-end (AFE) as part of a chipset system
                      solution: A companion microcontroller is required to oversee and control this AFE.

        •    The Measurement subsystem’s core responsibility is to digitize the cell voltages, pack current
             (integrated into a passed charge calculation), external thermistor temperature, and internal die
             temperature. It also performs an automatic calculation of the total battery stack voltage, by simply
             adding up all measured cell voltages.
        •    The Protection subsystem provides a baseline or secondary level of hardware protections to better
             support a battery pack’s FMEA requirements in the event of a loss of host control or simply if a host is
             unable to respond to a certain fault event in time. Integrated protections include pack-level faults such
             as OV, UV, OCD, SCD, detection of an external secondary protector fault, and internal logic
             “watchdog”-style device fault (XREADY). Protection events will trigger toggling of the ALERT pin, as
             well as automatic disabling of the DSG and/or CHG FET driver (depending on the fault). Recovery
             from a fault event must be handled by the host microcontroller.
        •    The Control subsystem implements a suite of useful pack features, including direct low-side NCH FET
             drivers, cell balancing drivers, the ALERT digital output, an external LDO and more.
        The following sections describe each subsystem in greater detail, as well as explaining the various power
        states that are available.

7.3.1.1     Measurement Subsystem Overview
        The monitoring subsystem ensures that all cell voltages, temperatures, and pack current may be easily
        measured by the host. All ADCs are trimmed by TI.
        ADC and CC data are always returned as atomic values if both high and low registers are read in the
        same transaction (using address auto-increment).

7.3.1.1.1 Data Transfer to the Host Controller
        The bq769x0 has a fully digital interface: All information is transferred through I2C, simply by reading
        and/or writing to the appropriate register(s) storing the relevant data. Block reads and writes, buffered by
        an 8-bit CRC code per byte, ensure a fast and robust transmission of data.

7.3.1.1.2 14-Bit ADC
        Each bq769x0 device measures cell voltages and temperatures using a 14-bit ADC. This ADC measures
        all differential cell voltages, thermistors and/or die temperature with a nominal full-scale unsigned range of
        0–6.275 V and LSB of 382 µV.
        To enable the ADC, the [ADC_EN] bit in the SYS_CTRL1 register must be set. This bit is set automatically
        whenever the device enters NORMAL mode. When enabled, the ADC ensures that the integrated OV and
        UV protections are functional.




20      Detailed Description                                                     Copyright © 2013–2015, Texas Instruments Incorporated
                                                 Submit Documentation Feedback
                                         Product Folder Links: bq76920 bq76930 bq76940
